Sync figure captions (#417)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/05.administrative.md

> **Figure 2. Mutational landscape of PBTA tumors.**

Reviewer: AH, I just realized we did not update this when we updated all of the Ns for https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/issues/408 - can you do that here?

Author: I'm thinking this comment is meant for Fig 2, since these N's are correct per [Fig 1](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/627ec427ad0a8d9d913e614c9db50546c56d8283/figures/pngs/figure1.png), and Fig2 is the oncoprint N's/

**Figure 3. Mutational co-occurrence and signatures highlight key oncogenic drivers.**

> A, Bar plot of occurrence and co-occurrence of nonsynonymous mutations for the 50 most commonly mutated genes across all tumor types, which are denoted as "Other" when there are fewer than 10 tumors per grouping; B, Co-occurrence and mutual exclusivity of nonsynonymous mutations between genes; The co-occurrence score is defined as $I(-\log_{10}(P))$ where $P$ is defined by Fisher's exact test and $I$ is 1 when mutations co-occur more often than expected and -1 when exclusivity is more common; C, The number of SV breaks significantly correlate with CNV breaks (Adjusted R = 0.436, p = 1.08e-37). D, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors for all cancer groups with N >= 3 tumors. E, Sina plots of RefSig signature weights for signatures 1, 11, 18, 19, 3, 8, N6, MMR2, and Other across cancer groups. Box plot represents 5% (lower whisker), 25% (lower box), 50% (median), 75% (upper box), and 95% (upper whisker) quantiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A, Bar plot of occurrence and co-occurrence of nonsynonymous mutations for the 50 most commonly mutated genes across all tumor types, which are denoted as "Other" when there are fewer than 10 tumors per grouping; B, Co-occurrence and mutual exclusivity of nonsynonymous mutations between genes; The co-occurrence score is defined as $I(-\log_{10}(P))$ where $P$ is defined by Fisher's exact test and $I$ is 1 when mutations co-occur more often than expected and -1 when exclusivity is more common; C, The number of SV breaks significantly correlate with CNV breaks (Adjusted R = 0.443, p = 1.05e-38). D, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors for all cancer groups with N >= 3 tumors. E, Sina plots of RefSig signature weights for signatures 1, 11, 18, 19, 3, 8, N6, MMR2, and Other across cancer groups. Box plot represents 5% (lower whisker), 25% (lower box), 50% (median), 75% (upper box), and 95% (upper whisker) quantiles.
```

according to figure.

**Figure 4. _TP53_ and telomerase activity**

> A, Receiver Operating Characteristic for _TP53_ classifier run on FPKM of stranded RNA-Seq tumors. B, Violin and strip plots of _TP53_ scores from stranded RNA-Seq tumors plotted by _TP53_ alteration type (N<sub>activated</sub> = 11, N<sub>lost</sub> = 100, N<sub>other</sub> = 866). C, Violin and strip plots of _TP53_ RNA expression from stranded RNA-Seq tumors plotted by _TP53_ activation status (N<sub>activated</sub> = 11, N<sub>lost</sub> = 100, N<sub>other</sub> = 866). D, Box plots of _TP53_ and telomerase (EXTEND) scores across cancer groups. Mutation status is highlighted in orange (hypermutant) or red (ultra-hypermutant). E, Heatmap of RefSig mutational signatures for patients who have least one tumor or cell line with a hypermutant phenotype. F, Forest plot depicting the prognostic effects of _TP53_ and telomerase scores on overall survival, controlling for extent of tumor resection, LGG group, and HGG group. G, Forest plot depicting the effect of molecular subtype on overall survival of HGGs. For F and G, hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values (multivariate Cox) are listed. Significant p-values are denoted with black diamonds. Reference groups are denoted by grey diamonds. H, Kaplan-Meier curve of HGG tumors by molecular subtype. Box plot represents 5% (lower whisker), 25% (lower box), 50% (median), 75% (upper box), and 95% (upper whisker) quantiles.

Reviewer: 👍

**Figure 5. Transcriptomic and immune landscape of pediatric brain tumors**

> A, First two dimensions from UMAP of transcriptome data for samples with stranded library preparation. Points are colored by the broad histology of the tumors they represent. B, Heatmap of GSVA scores for Hallmark gene sets with significant differences, with tumors ordered by cancer group (only scores for samples with stranded library preparation are shown). C, Box plots of quanTIseq estimates of immune cell proportions in select cancer groups with N > 15 tumors. Note: Other HGGs and other LGGs have immune cell proportions similar to DMG and pilocytic astrocytoma, respectively, and are not shown. D, Forest plot depicting the additive effects of _CD274_ expression, immune cell proportion, and extent of tumor resection on overall survival of medulloblastoma patients. Hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values (multivariate Cox) are listed. Significant p-values are denoted with black diamonds. Reference groups are denoted by grey diamonds. Of note, the Macrophage M1 HR was 0 (coefficient = -9.90e+4) with infinite upper and lower CIs, and thus it was not included in the figure. E, Box plot of _CD274_ expression (log<sub>2</sub> FPKM) for medulloblastoma tumors grouped by molecular subtype. Bonferroni-corrected p-values from Wilcoxon tests are shown. Box plot represents 5% (lower whisker), 25% (lower box), 50% (median), 75% (upper box), and 95% (upper whisker) quantiles.

Author: The Macrophage M1 coefficient is here: https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/627ec427ad0a8d9d913e614c9db50546c56d8283/analyses/survival-analysis/results/immune/cox_per_Medulloblastoma_terms_quantiseq.RDS

You can see it at the bottom of this HTML, screenshotted below https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/627ec427ad0a8d9d913e614c9db50546c56d8283/analyses/survival-analysis/survival-analysis_immune.nb.html

<img width="984" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-27 at 3 09 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4701111/221672553-e266a720-af61-487b-93ea-b7a01f3dea5a.png">
